the Luda Valley in eastern Heiser in
springtime blooming rapeseed shapes to
landscape already giving bees a first
harvest
three months later in early August the
rapeseed is ripe and dry and the bee
pastures have turned into oil fields the
energy harvest begins
one hectare can yield up to four tonnes
of rapeseed while threshing the grain
tank is filled the black seeds are a
source of oil that grows again every
year
edible oil is produced from the seeds as
fuel for tractors and agricultural
machinery
during the hectic harvest time the
combine can be refueled directly on the
field as you see here this is only
allowed with vegetable oil seep despot 2
plus we had some tell me it's here in
tank that's in product that's gonna be
here go far lose I'm felt up tongue and
as I said ppm diesel when I hear mamasan
a left there's a Scott can proclaim this
belt won't leak can't even express EMM
diesel mr. ESS important in swadden when
the showing is fun does she at that
first one o s in congressman need the
latch fizzled if Conine mom in concert
will you talk was he am bored and beat
up the boat yet but Sophia this is awful
out that is kind of our good Jesus in
cripes trophy of Seltzer playing
although here in a metal tube eaten this
harvester is powered by the solar energy
which was collected by the plants and
stored in the rapeseed oil the year
before it is suitable for use if
adjustments are made to the motor
the bimba oil mill started producing
natural fuel in 2002 it is owned by
three farmers dr. Tina Binford litsa and
key toda by Zack
all three are Hawk farmers they use the
oil mills byproducts as fodder so that
every part of the rapeseed is utilized
the oil mill operates inside the
building of a grain elevator
the seeds are pressed during a two-stage
procedure
perhaps from a simple hot slag of us
even in Rome is love auto modest PN's
want discontent lang in the yes please'
they ask impressive en el asunto de
brest Jesus Earl that's we get see a
same that'll get you off your cast off I
will give power to akiza sample a zone
ambient is encapsulating of us for first
walk under the buda chardonnay when i
come the city is vitaplasm
and it's why the president hold only
granamyr same foot sent two sets again
allows him up school when her house cuz
house nice leaked as when you see remedy
low-key and land obviously before a
surrogate for one fear he conveyed us
was for a widow
who'd mm and so free and Hamadan oh I
see a getting in rest will collapse
Cuban trade the presser buff operates
under low pressure and runs quickly it
produces cold pressed on the lower press
runs slow and operates under high
pressure thereby heating the oil and
cake and keeping the oil warm at all
times in the last step the oil from the
first coat pressing is filtered after
that it is a standardized fuel ready for
single one storage drum contains about
thousand litres of oil which is about
the maximum daily output of the mill it
can be used in any diesel engine
equipped to run on vegetable oil the
dark colored for the Royal is used in
pig feet the rapeseed meal is mixed with
bruised grain and used as a protein-rich
fodder replacing imported soybean meal
therefore cultivating rapeseed for fuel
contributes to the regional economy in
more than one way the rapeseed honey is
a by-product of nature and a small
portion of the first cold and gentle
pressing is used as a high-quality oil
in local cuisine
you